# Valiant Film
 
 
***Valiant*** is a 2005 animated comedy film[3] produced by Vanguard Animation, Ealing Studios and Odyssey Entertainment, and released by Entertainment Film Distributors in the United Kingdom on March 25, 2005, and by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on August 19. Set in May 1944, it tells the story of a group of war pigeons during World War II. The film is based on a story by George Webster, and inspired by true stories of hundreds of pigeons that helped the soldiers in the war.
 
**Download Zip ○○○ [https://3contnajumo.blogspot.com/?fm=2A0Tbl](https://3contnajumo.blogspot.com/?fm=2A0Tbl)**


 
In May 1944, five years after the declaration of World War II, three Royal Homing Pigeon Service war pigeons are flying across the English Channel with the White Cliffs of Dover in sight, carrying vital messages to Great Britain. Despite the poor weather conditions the pigeons have nearly reached their destination. They are, however, suddenly ambushed and attacked by a Nazi German enemy peregrine falcon named General Von Talon; two of the pigeons are instantly killed, yet the third, Mercury, is taken as a prisoner of war.
 
Elsewhere, a small wood pigeon named Valiant is watching an Allied forces propaganda film in his local bar (an overturned rowing boat) in West Nestington. He is best friends with Felix, an old seagull with a peg leg and the local barman. Wing Commander Gutsy, a war hero, flies into the bar, informing everyone that signups are scheduled the next day in Trafalgar Square, London. Valiant flies off to London, bidding his mother and Felix goodbye. In London, Valiant meets an unhygienic slacker pigeon named Bugsy, who is being hunted by two magpie thugs, after having tricked them at a shell game. In order to escape the thugs, he signs up with Valiant.
 
The recruits: Valiant, Bugsy, Lofty, an intellectual red pigeon, and two muscular but dim-witted brothers named Toughwood and Tailfeather. This group forms the Royal Homing Pigeon Service Squad F, and are sent to a recruit training facility. Under the command of Sergeant Monty, who declares that he will toughen them up for the RHPS, the training begins. Meanwhile, Von Talon and his henchmen, Cufflingk and Underlingk, try numerous attempts to discover the message's departure location. However, Mercury refuses to tell, despite the tortures inflicted upon him, such as irritating him with yodeling music and injecting him with truth serum, before Mercury accidentally reveals the location: Saint-Pierre.
 
Valiant develops a crush on Victoria, the camp's nursing dove. Eventually, Gutsy arrives and tells the Sergeant that the recruits need to leave the next morning, despite their training being vastly incomplete. Bugsy, however, decides not to go on the "highly dangerous" mission and flees the camp that night. Next morning Valiant and the others prepare to leave, and start to board a Handley Page Halifax bound for occupied France, but not before Bugsy shows up at the last second. The journey quickly becomes dangerous, as the plane is caught in an anti-aircraft attack. Their plane sustains heavy damage and the pigeons soon have to bail out, in boxes equipped with parachutes. The pigeons are dropped from the plane, but a technical malfunction causes Gutsy's box to fail to deploy. The plane crash-lands nearby, but then explodes, presumably killing Gutsy.

In France, the pigeons meet Charles de Girl and Rollo, two mice from the French Resistance, Mouse Division, who lead them to Saint-Pierre, where they receive the message they have been ordered to deliver. They soon come under attack by Von Talon's henchmen, resulting in Bugsy and the message being captured. Von Talon takes the message from Bugsy and decides to lock him up and kill him later, planning to personally deliver the message to Der Fuehrer himself. Valiant and the troops follow Bugsy to the falcon's bunker, where they discover that Gutsy has survived the plane crash. Valiant takes advantage of his small size and sneaks into the bunker through the gun barrel, retrieves the message, and frees Bugsy and Mercury, but the falcons witness the escape and give chase. As Gutsy, Bugsy, Mercury, Toughwood, Tailfeather and Lofty fight off Cufflingk and Underlingk, Valiant flies to London to deliver the message, followed by Von Talon.
 
After a climactic chase, Valiant hides until he is caught by Von Talon. With the help of Felix and the resident pigeons, Valiant outwits Von Talon by getting a giant hook caught on his medals, leaving him to be beaten by the water wheel. Valiant delivers the message, and upon its arrival in the war room, a change of plans is made; the Allied fleet will land in Normandy. After receiving the Dickin Medal, Squad F returns to the local bar in West Nestington, where Valiant reunites and shares a romantic kiss with Victoria. A message is then displayed commending the animals that saved thousands of lives during World War II.
 
*Valiant* takes the Second World War as its backdrop, and thus the film has various factual references to World War II. McGregor himself called it "a good old-fashioned war movie".[4] The film's use of World War II imagery is apparent throughout; for instance, the villainous characters in the film hold obvious links to the Nazis, although Nazism is never specifically mentioned, nor are Nazi symbols ever overtly visually depicted. Edited symbols are, however, discreetly inserted; for example, General Von Talon wears a large Reichsadler badge that depicts the German eagle, taken from the coat of arms of Germany. Yet this version, unlike the Hoheitszeichen (Nazi Germany's national insignia), has the eagle grasping two bones,[4] whereas the Hoheitszeichen depicts the eagle clutching a swastika. Furthermore, the film's primary antagonist, Von Talon, holds specific links to Adolf Hitler. For example, Von Talon states whilst holding Mercury as a prisoner of war that he would not eat Mercury, as he is a vegetarian, a direct reference to Adolf Hitler's vegetarianism.[5]
 
Gary Chapman made his directorial debut with *Valiant*. Initially Chapman was hired for character and production design during project development before he was attached to direct the film after extensive work with story development, writers, and producers. Chapman was subsequently storyboard artist, designing characters for the Vanguard Animation film *Space Chimps*.[9]
 
The film, on a tight budget and with a relatively small group of animators, was created in 106 weeks,[6] in what *The Times* described as "a piece of guerrilla film-making" in comparison to the other CGI animated films created by major studios.[6] At least 5 computer animators worked together for every scene of the 76-minute film, working on effects such as color, movement and shading.[10] As a result of the low number of animators, some critics called the film's animation "amateurish-looking",[11] but other reviewers stated that the film was "nicely animated".[12]
 
By December 2003, Ewan McGregor joined the cast along with Ben Kingsley, Jim Broadbent, Rupert Everett, Hugh Laurie, John Hurt and Ricky Gervais. In April 2004, John Cleese and Tim Curry joined in. Olivia Williams joined in the cast. Kingsley and Everett later dropped out of the film.
 
*Valiant* received mixed reviews from critics. The film received a 32% "rotten" rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 114 reviews with an average rating of 5/10. The site's consensus reads: "*Valiant* has a good collection of voice talents, but the story is strictly by-the-numbers".[16] On Metacritic, the film has a 45 out of 100 based on 27 critic reviews indicating "mixed or average reviews".
 
I would like to thank Mark from Valiant for his time in talking to me and generously sampling me. I was really surprised how well the Sirius 20% handled and looked.Of course I tested the scratch coat by using an unwrapped hard card and it is one tough coat. I was torn between 3 mannys and I'm gonna choose Valiant for my main line. Thanks Mark, for providing top-notch customer service. Her is what I used it on.
 
I will say to stay away from his flat glass film. It is a great film at a fair discount but I have learned the hard way that a glass breakage warranty is worth the 60-100 a roll savings. I am at 5 windows now that I have to pay to replace. DOH!
 
We had a number of installers that started ordering 60" Sirius for flatglass and in an effort to avoid impending disaster, I offered a line of films that were more suitable. Over the last few years the Dual Reflective Film Series have become popular and we sold it outside of Store.govaliant.com.
 
Property Management Companies have glazing contractors on speed dial, because they incur glass issues every time the temperature changes, the building shifts, or the wind blows to hard and these are building without film.
 
There may very well be an advantage for some to pay a premium for their Flat Glass Films and buy a safety net. Marketing materials, Tech Support, free hats, and T shirts! After all, everyone like free stuff! But, who pays for it at the end of the day
 
Say what you want but it's not about free stuff from the other guys. It's about losing window after window on jobs I've done an NO dealer support. Just a random statement from you saying "they have glazes on speed dial". Funny but I am dealing with it myself not the property managers and I do not have glazes in my pocket. Unlike you I can't just pass the buck I have a soul and morales and a small business at risk.
 
Say what you want I have 6 broken pains now and you just say oh it's every thing but the film. Funny but the windows I am doing have been here for years. Now I am replacing them with someone else's film so I have a warranty.
 
I'm sure after all the years you have been in this game you have every excuse down but it's all nonsense. Good luck in the future but remember do unto others as you would like done to yourself. It'll come back around to you. Just be honest and tell the truth...... you said because it was cheap you can't afford to fix it. You don't have insurance for that remember? Lol
 a2f82b0cb4
 
